Provide both links for the agent role (#11)
ansible-collections/Datadog: README.md

> ### Collection role list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Datadog standalone role
```

> - `datadog.dd.agent` : Installation and configuration of the Datadog Agent
>   - See [the official documentation of the role](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/ansible_standalone_role/#role-variables)
>   - See [the repository of the standalone role](https://github.com/DataDog/ansible-datadog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Datadog Ansible using the standalone Datadog Agent role (`datadog.dd.agent`), see 
  - [The official documentation for the standalone role](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/ansible_standalone_role/#role-variables)
  - [The repository for the standalone role](https://github.com/DataDog/ansible-datadog)
```

>   - See [the official documentation of the role](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/ansible_standalone_role/#role-variables)
>   - See [the repository of the standalone role](https://github.com/DataDog/ansible-datadog)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - See [the official documentation for the role](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/ansible_standalone_role/#role-variables)
  - See [the repository for the standalone role](https://github.com/DataDog/ansible-datadog)
```
